Metrics + Prometheus + Grafana howto (#1)
vertx-howtos/metrics-prometheus-grafana-howto: README.adoc

= Expose Vert.x Metrics for Prometheus, visualize in Grafana
:page-permalink: /
:page-github: vertx-howtos/metrics-prometheus-grafana-howto

ifdef::env-github[]
image:https://travis-ci.org/vertx-howtos/metrics-prometheus-grafana-howto.svg?branch=master["Build Status", link="https://travis-ci.org/vertx-howtos/metrics-prometheus-grafana-howto"]
endif::env-github[]

This document will show you how to expose Vert.x Metrics for Prometheus and visualize them in Grafana.

== What you will build

You will build a web server that:

- generates greetings upon request on the `EventBus`
- replies to `GET` requests on the `/greeting` path,
- exposes metrics for Prometheus on the `/metrics` path.

Then you will configure Prometheus to scrape the metrics and Grafana to visualize them.

> The application consists in a single file, the `MainVerticle` class

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The application fits in just a single `MainVerticle` class
```
